Replace new url for Stable Airflow Docs (#15169)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure/operators/azure_blob_to_gcs.rst

to do it.

TOKEN should be added to the Connection in Airflow in JSON format, Login and Password as plain text.

> You can check `how to do such connection <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection/index.html#editing-a-connection-with-the-ui>`_.

Reviewer: This should be internal link as it refers to another `rst` file
```suggestion
You can check :ref:`how to do such connection <howto/connection:editing-a-connection-with-the-ui>`
```

hope i got the syntax right. It's late :)
Used this [example](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/docs/apache-airflow/production-deployment.rst#impersonate-service-accounts)

Author: Actually we can't do this as the reference is in core doc and provider is built separatly, hence doc-build errors with reference not found
